Player Name: Danielle
Name: Aliza Rush [In Hebrew it means "The joy of rising above Nature.]
Nickname: None, though she has been toying with the name 'Radiate'
Age: She just turned fifteen 

Powers: 

Aliza has the ability to absorb energy, specifically Radiation, which allows her to store it and control it using her mind. It seems to have altered her cell structure which is where the body is absorbing the radiation. Radiation stored in the cells within her muscle tissue has caused a strengthing of the muscles without alot of visible signs such as huge muscles.  The radiation stored within the cells of the exo-skin has caused them to be able to withstand more damage and to regenerate faster from damage then a normal human  could and without changing the texture of her skin. The healing and regenerating factor withint the cells of the exo-skin is not limited to just the exo-skin. It seems to permeate the cell structure of her entire body.

There are some physical side affects to her eyes, hair and body which are listed in more detail under physical description. 

Through her control of the radiation, she can release if from her body, either through skin to skin contact which can cause radiation burns or through releasing it as a ranged weapon which can melt steel up to 1000 feet. This has also allowed her to control the radiation in her body so she doesnt endanger anyone around her, unless she wants to.

Due to the effects of the radiation on her body, her body  has built up resistances  to radiation, heat, fire, and uv rays, effectively allowing her to walk into a nuclear reactor naked with no affect to her body.  

It has also affected her eyes to the point of where she can see into all spectrums of light, including infrared and uv up to a range of 1000 feet.

The full extent of the effects of the Radiation on her body are still unknown. All she knows is that changes are still happening.

Power Weaknesses:

Disease, gases, anything that can be inhaled still seem to affect her normally, though that could change.

Physical damage that is beyond her ability to resist can still hurt her. 

Physical Description:

She is 5'6" and still growing. It is most likely a side affect of her exposure to the radiation. No one is sure of how tall she might grow. There is a natural beauty to her and she wears little makeup, sports no piercings or tatoos or birthmarks. She has a nice light tan, no bikini lines, smooth skin and the slender athletic build of a long distance runner. So far, her skin is not showing any visual signs that might be seen as a side affect of the radiation exposure. 

She has long soft brown hair down over her shoulders and down her back that gives off a slight reddish tint. The tint seems to be causing a metallic like reflection when the sun hits her hair. Is it related to her radiation exposure? No one is sure yet. 

Another side affect of the exposure to radiation is the condition of her eyes which have turned a deep amber and give off a slight glow. She has gone to wearing blue contacts and is sometimes seen wearing amber sunglasses which  mask the glow when she is not wearing her contacts.  

Clothing Preferences: 

Claremont will find that she prefers lighter clothes and pastels such as light blues, darker pinks, whites and no patterns. She wears darker colored shorts and denims to offset her lighter colored shirts. To complete her ensembles or for warmer clothes she likes female style blazers and cardigans. For shoewear, sandals and flats are preferred and sometimes light ankle high socks. No stockings of any kind and rarely will she wear a dress.  

As far as rings, jewlry, hats and scarves. She owns none and probably wouldnt wear any if she did. Once again, that natural look thing.

Hobbies and Interests:

American Country Western Music, especially the music of Travis Tritt and George Strait. Her music collection consists of many of the jewish composers and performers as well as the Music of performers like Travis Tritt and George Strait. 

She has learned how to play the guitar so she can play some of her favorite songs and sing. This is more just for herself as she is not interested in performing, nor does she think she could.

Her father and mother have both trained her how to shoot a rifle and a hand gun as all Israeli's including the women are required to give at least 2 years of service in the IDF.

Due to her Father, Archaeology has become a strong love and whether in Israel or America, she wants to major in it in college.

She loves athletics but is not into alot of sports. Track mainly and it is unknown yet the affects that swimming might have on her. So she stays out of water other then showers until she knows what effects it might have on her. She usually runs at least 5 miles a day and works out in the weight room to test her strength and stamina to see how far she can push them.

Personality:

The preference for a more plain style in her dress and makup comes partly from her being home schooled and not having much of a social life with other kids her age and the preferred more uniform look of her parents who emphasized her natural beauty and dress. They didnt let her see alot of movies or video games either. Further isolating her from peers her own age. They didnt want any distraction from her education. Though they did let her have her american country music  which could also explain her preference in clothing, hair and makeup.

Even with this isolation and lack of a strong social life, she is not reserved or all that quiet which one would expect. But then neither is Jewish folk and classical music or American country. And both have had a strong affect on her personality and shaped it. Stories about patriotism and love of country have influenced her strongly. Hence the parallels between the American Revolution and the Jewish peoples struggle for freedom and the right to exist as a free independant state.

At first the students at Claremont will probably find her a little unsure, shy and
withdrawn, a loner. But with some time and and getting her involved in student activities, making her feel apart of them, she will come out of her shell and they will find a funf dynamic, wants to be a part of their life young woman who has been hiding inside her for 15 years and just waiting for someone to spring her.  

There is one other part of her life that has greatly influenced her personality. And that is her Jewish Faith, She is not orthodox by any means, but she does have a deep belief in a personal loving God. Another parallel she discovered between both the American founding Fathers and the Jewish Founding Fathers. This has given her a deep compassionate heart for people who arnt free, who are in bondage. As as she discovers how her powers can help these people, it will grow.

History:

The Beginning:

She was born in Tel' Aviv Israel to 'Nassim' and 'Asheva' Rush. They named their daughter Aliza which means 'Joy' in Hebrew, or the joyful ability to rise above nature. They gave her the name due to her being born in a local hospital at the peak of a major storm which knocked out all the power in the hospital. 

Her father is a Professor of Archaeology at Tel' Aviv University and her  mother took a leave of absence from being his Field director to raise Aliza. Aliza would be their only biological child due to Asheva developing uterine cancer and losing her ovaries. But they would adapt two more children after Aliza was 4. 

History of Aliza's Education:

Her mother home schooled her in Tel' Aviv. Her mother began her education when Aliza turned four and it included; Hebrew, Aramaic and English, the Classics including Shakespeare and Homer, the history of her Country and the Torah and the writings of the Jewish Historian Josephus. it included a strong foundation in the Relgious faith of the Jewish people. 

During the time of her home schooling there was one subject that really stood out to her and would shape and affect her life for years to come. That was the comparison of the American Revolution and the fight to rebuild the Jewish Nation and homeland. The words of Patrick Henry would ring in her ears for years to come and the freedom of all those in Slavery around the world would become her fight. "I know not what course other men may take, but as for me, Give me Liberty or give me death." She ate up the stories of her people's fight and the american people's fight for the right to exist, the right to be free.

Her Father got involved in her education while he taught Archaeology at Tel'Aviv University and would take her with him on some of his daily trips when he would take his students out to the digs. She totally adored him for this and Archaeology has become one of her favorite subjects.

To round out her education, A friend of her mother, introduced her to the Arts with a focus on Jewish composers and performers. Leonard Bernstein is one of her favorites. But as much as she loves the Jewish Composers and much to her parents surprise, she fell in love with American Country. It is the heart and soul of America to her, much like the music of her country is the heart and soul of her people. 

A rather heavy set of studies for a young girl to begin with, but it was the decision of her parents to give her a strong beginning education so they could get her into one of the finest private schools in Israel. 

Her flight to America:

To understand this time in her life one needs to understand a bit what was going on in Israel and in Aliza's life which led to her parents sending her to live with her father's brother in  Dallas, Texas. Israel was having to defend its borders and its cities against rocket attacks from Gaza, Syria and Lebanon. There was instense pressure from the United States to divide Jerusalem in half and giving the Palestinians their own State which Israel was completely opposed to. The Hezbollah had obtained longer ranged rockets so Tel' Aviv was now within range. This caused the Rush's to go into a bunker mentality to protect their daughter and her adapted siblings. The family spent much of their down time in a home made bunker as the rocket attacks became relentless for a period of time. Aliza had just turned 12 during this time in her life and was starting to experience visual migraines which were progressively getting worse. Her father took her to the university hospital in Tel' Aviv and it was determined she had a tumor pressing against both of the optic nerves. The need of radiation treatments to shrink the tumor so it could be removed surgically combined with the danger with which the family was living caused her parents to contact her uncle in Dallas, Texas to make arrangements to get her there and get her the medical help she needed in the U.S. 

Because of the immediate nature of getting her to the States, they didnt have time to pack much. But then, she was looking forward to shopping in the Malls in Dallas. So she arrived in Texas with what she was wearing, her favorite picture of her family, the picture she loved of Washington, his letter, some of her favorite music CD's, and what she could carry in her backpack. The shopping for new clothes would have to wait. Her uncle, Benjamin Rush, had already made the appointments with the cancer institute in Dallas and she was rushed from the airport directly to the Institute.  

So far her Mutant ability to absorb energy, specifically radiation had lain dormant. The doctors warned her and her uncle that without the treatments she would go blind and eventually die. There was no time to waste. So she started the treatments to attempt to shrink the tumor and get the pressure off the optic nerves and relieve the migraines. During the first six months, there seemed to be no change in her body. The clinic was able to successfully shrink the tumor by 50% and the headaches for the most part had subsided. Her education continued at her uncles house and via a video uplink through Skype with her mother in Tel' Aviv. Her Father continued his work at the University as the missle crisis had subsided temporarily.

It was in the sixth month that the doctors began to notice some strange changes. It began with her eyes changing color to a deep amber and they noticed a slight glow to them. While others her age were losing their hair in the clinic, hers started growing and they noticed a metallic like reflection off her hair. It had taken six months, but it would soon become obvious that the radiation treatments had triggered some sort of response in her body. The clinic brought in specialists to monitor the changes and try to figure out what was going on. The nearest they couild figure out was that instead of her body's cells dieing from the treatments which is usually a side affect from radiation treatments of this level, the body was storing the radiation and using it to heal itself. After this revelation, the tumor dissappeared completely. The doctors had no real clue what was causing all these changes to her body. At this point it was all speculation and guesswork. 

Deciding this may be meta related, the doctors at the hospital contacted Albright Institute, in hopes they would be able to get to the bottom of what was happening to Aliza. After a series of tests, Albright discovered she did indeed have metahuman powers, resistance to radiation, the ability to discharge it, and increased eyesight. After forwarding the psychological, physical, and meta test results to Claremont Academy, the school decided to offer her a place within their ranks. Contacting Aliza, her uncle, and her parents (in a private meeting with Cassiel, a metahuman cape located in Tel Aviv), it was decided she would attend Claremont Academy to train to be a super hero.


 


